Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
There is such a learning curve because it is like learning to read and write a new language.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning to program is ultimately about learning to approach things with a more methodical and logical way of thinking.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
It is a really basic form of programming using scripts and the click-and-drag feature to introduce new people into programming.

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
It is a command or an instruction given to the computer.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
In programming, a Boolean expression is an expression that can be stated as true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
It is a statement that must be true in order for something to happen.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
In programming, a loop can induce multiple executions of a statement.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
A local variable can be used for only one sprite, while global variables can be used for all sprites.


9) What is a Boolean variable?
A variable that only takes on a value of true.

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
Scripts

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
Blocks that are labeled with "when".

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
Nine

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
Three

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
Three

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
Scratch does not support methods, parameters, return values, inheritance, and polymorphism.
